We learned a lot in the last few modules.
We managed to differentiate between different Kinesis
family services like Kinesis Video Streams,
Kinesis Data Analytics, and, of course, Kinesis Firehose and Data Streams.
We even used Kinesis Analytics with Kinesis Data Streams
in order to ingest and process streaming data live as it
comes through our application.
We managed to get some insights from that data.
And then we also created another application with Kinesis Firehose,
and we used it to deliver data to S3. In our application,
we transformed data with AWS Lambda,
and then we delivered it to S3 in its new format.
This allowed us to deliver value for our imaginary clients,
not only by collecting and storing the data,
but also allowing it to be in a more portable format so that
our finance engineers could review it.
From there, we learned a little bit more about the Amazon Snow Family,
and we looked at Snowball Edge devices and how they could be used
at the edge to do both compute and storage tasks when Wi‑Fi
connections might not be the most reliable, or the entire situation
calls for computing and storage closer to the facility that's
actually generating the data.
And, of course, we looked at Snowmobile,
which is a massive truck that lets us store and move massive
amounts of information in the petabyte range.
From there, we looked at Direct Connect, and how we could use
it to get a more direct connection into AWS without having to
go through the public Internet.
And, we just learned about the Database Migration Service, or DMS,
which would allow us to move our databases from either an on‑premises
environment or potentially another cloud into AWS, and we learned how we
could combine it with something like Snowball Edge.
Now, with all of this information, you might be thinking,
what would we want to do next?
Well, there's a lot more we still have to learn.
You could think about more AWS data tools that you might want to work with.
Now that we've collected this data,
you might be more interested in different ways we can store
data on AWS. For details on this, you could look at my
upcoming Storing Data on AWS course.
You might also want to review my current course on Connecting
DynamoDB to Your Applications, as DynamoDB is a fairly common place
to store data for access in your applications.
After you learn a few more AWS data tools,
you might want to learn more about processing tools for your data.
These might be things like AWS Lambda,
which we used a little bit inside of this course.
If you want a bigger introduction to AWS Lambda,
I have a course on that, too,
here on Pluralsight. Or if you want to learn how you might create
Lambda‑based applications that are a little more sophisticated,
then you could take a look at my Serverless Framework course,
which will allow you to easily deploy out infrastructure for
your AWS Lambda applications onto AWS.
And if you want to learn more about how the data generation side happens,
especially if you're using Internet of Things devices,
I have one other course you might look at with the
AWS IoT: The Big Picture course.
This will give you a much better idea of all the different services that
AWS offers specifically for the Internet of Things.
There's a lot more to learn,
and I want to wish you the best of luck in your journey, and
say, thank you for taking this course.
Feel free to get in touch with me on Twitter or ask me more
about this course in the comments section.
I'd be happy to answer any questions you have about the course and
resolve any issues that you might experience. Thanks, and I hope to see you in another course soon.